Add Managed Vercel and Supabase endpoints to documentation (#656)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/reference/managed-inputs/index.md

| [Managed OTLP Endpoint](managed-otlp-endpoint.md) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest OpenTelemetry logs, metrics, and traces from {{agent}} collectors and EDOT SDKs, {{edot-cf}}, upstream OpenTelemetry collectors and SDKs, or any OTLP-compliant shipper. |
| [Managed Prometheus Remote Write endpoint](prometheus-remote-write.md) | Prometheus Remote Write v1 (PRW) | Ingest Prometheus metrics into {{es}} time series data streams. |
| [Managed {{es}} _bulk endpoint](elasticsearch-bulk.md) | {{es}} `_bulk` API | Ingest data from `_bulk`-based shippers such as {{product.beats}}, {{product.elastic-agent}}, {{product.logstash}}, and other {{es}}-compatible shippers. |

> | [Managed Vercel endpoint](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/integrations/vercel) | JSON or NDJSON | Ingest Vercel logs, audit logs, Web Analytics, and Speed Insights to {{es}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Managed Vercel endpoint](integration-docs://reference/vercel.md) | JSON or NDJSON | Ingest Vercel logs, audit logs, Web Analytics, and Speed Insights to {{es}} |
```

> | [Managed Vercel endpoint](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/integrations/vercel) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest Vercel logs, audit logs, Web Analytics, and Speed Insights to {{es}} |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Managed Vercel endpoint](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/integrations/vercel) | JSON or NDJSON | Ingest Vercel logs, audit logs, Web Analytics, and Speed Insights to {{es}} |
```

> | [Managed Supabase endpoint](integration-docs://reference/supabase.md) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest Supabase logs using the OpenTelemetry |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [Managed Vercel endpoint](integration-docs://reference/vercel.md) | JSON or NDJSON | Ingest Vercel logs, audit logs, Web Analytics, and Speed Insights to {{es}}. |
| [Managed Supabase endpoint](integration-docs://reference/supabase.md) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest Supabase logs using the OpenTelemetry. |
```
Added periods to match the previous descriptions, but otherwise LGTM.

> | [Managed Supabase endpoint](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/integrations/supabase) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest Supabase logs using the OpenTelemetry |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Managed Supabase endpoint](integration-docs://reference/supabase.md) | OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) | Ingest Supabase logs using the OpenTelemetry |
```
